[Music]
it's going to be a brand new experience
for spot and stripe and it could be
overwhelming you never quite know as
they're how they're going to go for
their first time
straight away jars can see a difference
in how the Cubs react to being near the
water spot is actually much more
confident in the water than his brother
stripe and stripe isn't so confident
sometimes I just think it's a
personality Tigers are the one exception
in the big cat family along with Jack
you is that you know really do enjoy the
water
Tigers are incredibly powerful swimmers
they have these huge paws that actually
when they spread their tails about this
webbing if you like in between their
toes so effectively what you've got is
you've got this big powerhouse of a unit
and on the end of their legs they got
these paddles what's in some of the
habitats you'll find them they can
island hop from from place to place or
swim across big rivers and and so what
is not a problem for stripes still too
nervous to take the plunge
he needs some gentle encouragement from
Giles
[Music]
that was incredible wasn't it just how
confident were they even jumping in the
water right they're just naturally
these guys are gonna be water babies too
short don't jump into the water if
you're being chased by a tiger or climb
a tree
all you got to do is just run faster
than the slowest person in your group
okay trees ought to provide secure
storage for hard-won spoils a place
beyond the reach of hyenas and other
thieves
it's a juvenile blunder and his timing
could hardly be worse African wild dogs
are formidable pack hunters capable of
killing adult weapons as well as compass
the cats need to move fast
[Music]
right now he is not his mother's
favorite yet for both Cubs this has been
a useful lesson to stay alive you must
stay alert
the pack soon gives up and moves on
to see a tiger hunting ball is extremely
rare to capture it on camera is
virtually impossible
[Music]
but Pagani takes me by surprise
I'm worried she's taking a terrible risk
but as I watch I see a new began II I
changed Tiger this one is the Master
Hunter I knew at rentable she carefully
moves her tail around the grass steps to
ensure she makes no noise
[Music]
[Laughter]
surely nothing can stop her now Kira
will be transferred into a small
enclosure built specially for the
release with all the people gathered
around her cage Kira is stressed after
two years together it's hard to say
goodbye a lot of thing going on my mind
now that makes me feel very very happy a
privilege to be involved with this but
very anxious also to see how this is
gonna all end up player who can talk
today as a scientist but I will talk as
a mother
[Music]
mace turkeys as a person that took care
of this special animal with iram is here
[Music]
it's really mixed feeling in the air and
she's finally free but at the same time
she's just having this dramatic
separation from from us and from from
our brother and sister
it's a sad moment but at the same time
there's some excitement and some
expectation that you know have a good
life
[Music]
Lions will normally avoid hunting in
such heat but they're also opportunists
the Lions will need to bring him down
quickly before they overheat
[Music]
even away from the herd a bull is a
formidable opponent it could go and kill
a lion
[Music]
[Applause]
close to overheating they finally
succeed in bringing him to the ground
[Music]
but the massive ball is not giving up
against the odds and the full weight of
lions he regains his feet
and it is now that the tables turn
the lands are exhausted after a
20-minute struggle only the ball has the
energy to finish the fight
[Music]
in such exposed and extreme conditions
the challenge for predators and their
prey is at its most intense
[Music]